# Shih_Yu_Lai

👋 Hi, I am Shih-Yu, Lai. I am pursuing my graduate studies at National Taiwan University, actively engaging in multiple research projects in **Artificial Intelligence**, **Computer Graphics**, and **Robotics**. I am a member of Communications and Multimedia Laboratory, and Interactive Graphics Laboratory, advised by Prof. Robin Bing-Yu Chen. With my bachelor’s degree from National Cheng Kung University, I am precise in data science tackling complex analysis, and control problems in **Digital Fabrication**, **Computer Vision/Graphics**, **Graph Mining**, **Digital Twins**, **Human-Computer Interaction**, and **Information Systems**. This background drove me to participate in the Robot-Aided Creation and Construction Research Group led by Prof. Yang-Ting Shen and Chia-Ching Yen, centered on the study of computational assemblies in graph reinforcement learning, to design and analyze the fabrication using robotics, computer-aided design, and spatial computation. Meanwhile, I am affiliated with the Urban Science and Computing Lab in the Dept. of Electrical Engineering led by Prof. Hsun-Ping Hsieh and developed the digital twin systems with  2D/3D modeling expertise. 

🧑‍🎨 My practical experience in computer science, robotics, and various design domains allows me to truly understand the needs of users in the design industry, enabling me to develop highly applicable information systems and tools. These research areas enable me to draw knowledge and techniques from various fields, fostering a holistic and innovative approach to interdisciplinary problem-solving.

💻 I am a Python enthusiast who is also keen to learn other technical skills. I've had the opportunity to serve as a data engineer and HCI designer in various technical roles, which has provided me with a strong familiarity with user services and design tools developing. Aside from that, I also possess moderate data sciences/frontend/CAD skills including tools like C++, Matlab, OpenGL, Unity 3D, ROS/ROS2, Fushion360, HTML/CSS/JavaScript, AutoCAD, Rhinoceros, and such.
